[Music]
a notorious bank robber came to the city
and huge sums of money started to
disappear from the vaults of the city's
banks
no one could stop the criminal they were
never caught on cctv cameras
bank security officers never saw
anything suspicious there was only one
strange thing about the thief
they always left behind a slip of paper
with a tooth
spider and a lizard drawn on it was it
some
code but several months later the police
managed to arrest
three suspects they were mr pantavent
ms tusbard and mr superhero yep
some people do have bizarre last names
who
is the infamous bank robber
it was miss too's part the pictures she
kept leaving behind
were her hint tooth spider
lizard brandon's wife brenda went to
visit her friend who lived in another
town
they agreed she would call her husband
when she arrived there
but instead of calling she sent him a
message
hey everything is fine i'll just go
downstairs to buy coffee
i'll be brief now more details in the
next message
love you once brandon read this message
he jumped into his sports car
and rushed to the town where his wife
had gone why
brenda isn't simply terrible at spelling
the typing errors
make up the word save someone stole
extremely important documents from mr
larson's office
one week later the police arrested the
criminal
it was a woman called emily she was
being questioned for three days straight
but still refused to tell the police
where the folder with the documents was
then several officers visited her
apartment
at first sight nothing was out of the
ordinary but after careful inspection
they figured out where the documents
were can you do the same
one floor tile seemed to be loose once
the officers lifted it
they found the papers when victoria went
to college
she started to live in a dormitory
sharing a room with another girl
maria victoria's neighbor was very
popular
with guys she had three admirers walter
nathan and jeremy but one day maria
disappeared
victoria was sure one of the guys was
behind this
maria loved drawing and there were
several pictures on her table
victoria looked at them attentively and
realized who she should ask about her
friend
jeremy must know something look at the
pictures
a jacket yo-yo mouse earth
rocket and elephant the first letters of
these objects
make up his name look at this poor guy
he seems to be stuck in the middle of a
natural disaster
which one should he choose to survive a
tornado
flood or lightning strike
the only place where the guy might find
some kind of shelter
is a high hill behind his back high
ground during a lightning storm or a
tornado is a terrible idea
which means the man will only be able to
survive a flood
carl was a rich man who had two adult
sons ethan
and christian they all lived in one
house one day
carl saw that his most expensive ancient
chinese vase was missing
the only people who were at home the
night before were his sons
the man didn't want to involve the
police that's why he decided to talk to
each of his sons himself he saw ethan
driving through the gates he was back
from his daily visit to the bakery
the guy said that the night before he'd
been practicing the guitar in his room
he didn't notice anything suspicious
christian was near the swimming pool
he told his father now i understand
yesterday i saw ethan
he was putting some box in the back seat
of his car it must have been the base
but carl immediately realized it was
christian who had taken the vase
how did he figure it out
ethan drives a sports car it only has
two seats
he couldn't have put the box in the back
seat it means christian is lying
jack and debra lived in a pretty small
house near a forest
one day the man went for a walk and
never came back
debra called the police and they went to
search for her husband
soon they spotted him he was lying on
the ground
trapped under a large tree that had
fallen on top of him
suddenly a stranger appeared from behind
the trees
he exclaimed how terrible but it's not a
surprise really
the wind was so strong this morning it
must have knocked down this tree
the police officers immediately arrested
the man
why
the tree doesn't look broken by the wind
it looks as if someone cut it down
it was an unusually snowy winter
detective adam davis was walking home
from his office
when he saw a young woman she was
carrying two large bags
for some reason the girl seemed
suspicious to the detective
he came up to her showed her his badge
and asked what she had in her bags
oh i'm going on vacation that's just
some stuff i'll need there
and still adam called for backup and
arrested her
why
look at the woman's footprints she got
out of the house
through the window a bizarre way to
leave your own home
she must have broken into the house and
there are stolen things in her bags
a man was walking along a railroad track
suddenly
he saw a train speeding toward him but
instead of getting away from the track
immediately
the man started to run in the direction
of the approaching train
when the train was very close he finally
jumped off the track
why did he do this
when the man saw the train he was on the
bridge
he couldn't leave the track right away
and the nearer end of the bridge
was closer to the oncoming train
ryan worked as a cook's assistant in mr
miller's house
one day the man's competitors promised
ryan to pay him a huge sum of money
if he poisoned the rich businessman ryan
waited until the cook took a day off
then he made dinner for the whole family
mr miller
his wife and their two children each
family member ordered a different dish
ryan only poisoned the one the
businessman was going to eat
you can save mr miller if you guess
which dish is his
keep in mind that donna the man's wife
is a vegan
the businessman himself loves meat kira
the daughter is on a diet and amy can't
eat sugar
so which dish did ryan make for mr
miller
[Music]
it's spaghetti with meat sauce congrats
you saved mr miller
four girls were driving to a party at
some point
the one who was behind the wheel failed
to control the car
and crashed into a tree luckily everyone
in the car
was wearing seat belts so no one was
hurt but when the police arrived
none of the girls wanted to admit she
was the one who was driving
the officers examined the car and looked
around
and in no time they knew which girl was
lying
can you figure it out
almost all the girls are wearing really
high heels
it must be extremely uncomfortable and
unsafe to drive
wearing such shoes and only the girl in
the black dress has sneakers on
she was the driver a math teacher told
his students about roman numerals
after that he asked them to draw one
line
and turn nine into six his only
condition
was that the students couldn't lift
their pens from the paper until the line
was finished
mark was the first one to complete this
task how did he do it
he drew the letter s in front of ix
and got six jeffrey was brought up by
his grandfather who was a billionaire
unfortunately the guy didn't seem to
know the value of money
the elderly man worried about his
grandson he told jeffrey
he would stop giving him money until the
guy got married
it meant that jeffrey had to forget
about his fun life
no more fast cars parties and clubs
luckily he didn't take the guy long to
find a girlfriend
they met on a dating site amanda seemed
to be everything jeffrey had been
dreaming about
smart pretty funny and rich
the guy was about to propose to her when
something happened
one day amanda sent him a photo in this
photo
she was standing next to a luxurious car
the message she sent afterward
read how do you like my new toy that's
when jeffrey realized amanda had been
lying to him
all this time how did he figure it out
[Music]
the girl is wearing a badge in the photo
she must be working at a car dealership
not buying extravagant cars there was a
blackout in the city
but a bus driver still noticed a dog on
the road
he managed to stop in time not to hit
the animal
how come
this near miss happened during the day
they have no feathers
no scales no body and no bones
and yet they have fingers and thumbs of
their own
what are they
a pair of gloves